Add Hotwire usage docs (#167)
anycable/anycable-rails: docs/hotwire.md

> # Using with Hotwire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using AnyCable with Hotwire
```

> AnyCable is fully compatible with [Hotwire][] applications without any additional configuration. See [Getting started guide](./getting_started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AnyCable is fully compatible with [Hotwire][] applications without the need for any additional configuration. See the [getting started guide](./getting_started.md) here.
```

## RPC-less setup

> 📖 See also [JWT identification and “hot streams”](https://anycable.io/blog/jwt-identification-and-hot-streams/).

> AnyCable-Go provides a feature called [signed streams](../anycable-go/signed_streams.md), which implements the require `turbo-rails` Action Cable functionality right in the WebSocket server. That means, subscribing to Turbo Streams doesn't require calling a gRPC Rails server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AnyCable-Go provides a feature called [signed streams](../anycable-go/signed_streams.md), which implements the require `turbo-rails` Action Cable functionality right in the WebSocket server. This means that subscribing to Turbo Streams doesn't require calling a gRPC Rails server.
```

> In case you're using only Turbo Streams and not relying on _pure_ Action Cable, you can simplify your AnyCable configuration (infrastructure, deployment) by switching to signed streams and [JWT authentication](../anycable-go/jwt_identification.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're only using Turbo Streams and don't rely on _pure_ Action Cable, you can simplify your AnyCable configuration (infrastructure, deployment) by switching to signed streams and [JWT authentication](../anycable-go/jwt_identification.md).
```

The default flow with AnyCable RPC looks like this:

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Rails
    participant AnyCableRPC
    participant AnyCableGo
    participant Client
    autonumber
    Rails-->>Client: action_cable_meta_tag
        Client->>AnyCableGo: HTTP Connect

    activate AnyCableGo
    AnyCableGo->>AnyCableRPC: gRPC Connect
        activate AnyCableRPC
        note left of AnyCableRPC: ApplicationCable::Connection#35;connect
        AnyCableRPC->>AnyCableGo: Status OK
        deactivate AnyCableRPC
        AnyCableGo->>Client: Welcome
    deactivate AnyCableGo

    Rails-->>Client: turbo_stream_from signed_stream_id
        Client->>AnyCableGo: Subscribe to signed_stream_id

    activate AnyCableGo
    AnyCableGo-->>AnyCableRPC: gRPC Command subscribe
        activate AnyCableRPC
        note left of AnyCableRPC: Turbo::StreamChannel#35;subscribe
        AnyCableRPC->>AnyCableGo: Status OK
        deactivate AnyCableRPC
        AnyCableGo->>Client: Subscription Confirmation
    deactivate AnyCableGo

    loop
        Rails--)AnyCableGo: ActionCable.server.broadcast
            AnyCableGo->>Client: Deliver <turbo-stream>
    end
```

> Compare it to the RPC-less configuration with the aforementioned features below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compare this with the RPC-less configuration which has the aforementioned features:
```

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Rails
    participant AnyCableGo
    participant Client
    autonumber
    Rails-->>Client: action_cable_meta_tag_with_jwt(user: current_user)
        Client->>AnyCableGo: HTTP Connect

    activate AnyCableGo
    note left of AnyCableGo: Verify JWT and store identifiers
        AnyCableGo->>Client: Welcome
    deactivate AnyCableGo

    Rails-->>Client: turbo_stream_from signed_stream_id
        Client->>AnyCableGo: Subscribe to signed_stream_id

    activate AnyCableGo
    note left of AnyCableGo: Verify Signed Stream ID and Subscribe
        AnyCableGo->>Client: Subscription Confirmation
    deactivate AnyCableGo

    loop
        Rails--)AnyCableGo: ActionCable.server.broadcast
            AnyCableGo->>Client: Deliver <turbo-stream>
    end
```

> > 🎥 Check out this AnyCasts screencast as a video guide on setting up Hotwire with AnyCable in the RPC-less way: [Exploring Rails 7, Hotwire and AnyCable speedy streams](https://anycable.io/blog/anycasts-rails-7-hotwire-and-anycable/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 🎥 Check out this AnyCasts screencast—it's a video guide on setting up Hotwire with AnyCable in the RPC-less way: [Exploring Rails 7, Hotwire and AnyCable speedy streams](https://anycable.io/blog/anycasts-rails-7-hotwire-and-anycable/).
```

### Step-by-step guide on going RPC-less

- Install and configure [anycable-rails-jwt][] gem:

```yml
# anycable.yml
production:
  jwt_id_key: "some-secret-key"
```

> - Configure Turbo Streams verifier key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure the Turbo Streams verifier key:
```

```ruby
# config/environments/production.rb
config.turbo.signed_stream_verifier_key = "s3cЯeT"
```

> - Disable Disconnect calls and enable JWT identification and signed streams in AnyCable-Go:

Reviewer: @palkan Not sure if "Disconnect" should be capitalized like this. Perhaps the word "Disconnect" should be as code?

# Using AnyCable with Hotwire

AnyCable is fully compatible with [Hotwire][] applications without the need for any additional configuration. See the [getting started guide](./getting_started.md) here.

However, you can squeeze even more _power_ from AnyCable for Hotwire apps by combining several features. Read below.

## RPC-less setup

> 📖 See also [JWT identification and “hot streams”](https://anycable.io/blog/jwt-identification-and-hot-streams/).

AnyCable-Go provides a feature called [signed streams](../anycable-go/signed_streams.md), which implements the require `turbo-rails` Action Cable functionality right in the WebSocket server. This means that subscribing to Turbo Streams doesn't require calling a gRPC Rails server.

If you're only using Turbo Streams and don't rely on _pure_ Action Cable, you can simplify your AnyCable configuration (infrastructure, deployment) by switching to signed streams and [JWT authentication](../anycable-go/jwt_identification.md).

**What's the point?** Here are the main benefits of going the RPC-less way:

> - Improve applications performance by speeding up WebSocket handshakes and commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve application performance by speeding up WebSocket handshakes and commands.
```

> - Reduce the infrastructure burden by not running a separate service (RPC). Especially helpful on [Heroku](../deployment/heroku.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce infrastructure burden by removing the need to run a separate service (RPC). Especially helpful on [Heroku](../deployment/heroku.md).
```
